Hello again.
So in new situations when you're complete downloading different updates fine.
Of course in my situation I counsel this process so I don't have to batch file available able.
Then your next step is to apply the update to the difference is I just simply got to do remediate of
course after clicking on the new date.
Then it asks you to select a mediator for the host remediation or for the virtual machine mediation.
This one for the virtual machine and this one for the horse remediation of course.
No we'll start with the host then the different but busline if we took this one it shows you the upgrade
line for the virtual machine you check the virtual machine.
But Adamsville the host we check do your busline knew the one that we have and connected with different
is because I host.
We click next then we select the target he asks I hold that we want to add starved updates on it of
course in any rate environment you select our hosts 10:28 1096 I host and click next.
But in my situation you can for example chose only one or two or three and you want that you want.
So for example we chose out of a day or our costume number of Isak's I host.
So we click next then your remediation I include a dynamic busline the exact list of applicable Poche
might change before it mediates AUKer even if the list got change.
Any parts that you exclude know will not be applied.
So here it shows you the definitive update that's need to be studied.
It takes a host because we selected it because this is the 15 elements should be studied and it show
your days that updates file downloaded or not.
If they are done with it you will see a green arrow right here.
That's me the file is already exists.
If not it shawled past the stage step before the installation.
So of course you can check out the one that you want.
The one that you didn't want didn't.
Next then you trolls ask you don't ask or ignore warning about it responded hard or the voice and not
on God's support via a method that was thought and continue with remediation.
That's me.
If there are upgrade that will not support the VM as files that are stored.
If you have the FS files at the store and upgrade the new upgrade does not support this one.
It will give you an image size that you want.
Do you want to On-Star this upgrade or not.
If you want to install this upgrade and don't care about the VM f that thought you can chose this one
ignored warnings about and supported the hardware device and not supported VM.
But I still Ussel some hardware for example some spew will not be supported in a new version of the
Isak's I do so old one so it will give you a warning that this new version does not support the sick
view that you have or do specific hardware.
So you need to think carefully about these want to ignore the warning about unsupported hardware to
rest and no longer support it.
If it is not at all select the checkbox you should be aware of the functional application of ignoring
the warning.
In certain cases ignoring warnings about unsupported hardware device and no longer supported ediface
that might cause instability instability to abuse the hosts or lack of needed file.
So you should care about this one.
It is highly recommended to check this one to avoid the problem.
Then of course you can specific skidoos time to grant updates in a specification Timet Morakot immediate
schedule Gibbie's a name description and you chose the specific time to wrap this up.
So for example let's do with art like that example at 11 pm.
Do upgrade Winstock.
But of course in your situation you should do it right.
No see the application right.
No so next then unimportant information.
I tell.